
PPRNG 1.1.0

Mac Requirements: Intel Mac with OS X 10.5 or greater.

DS Requirements: DS or DS Lite. If you have DSi / XL / 3DS, only C-Gear is
supported at this time. Researchers are working hard to figure this out, but
it's not a simple task.



Quick Start:
1. First, before doing anything else, open the DS / Game Config screen.
2. Enter what you know about your game and DS (at minimum, that would be game
   version and MAC address).
3. Click OK to save the config.
4. If you don't know your DS Parameters, go to the DS Parameter Searcher to find
   your parameters.  Once you have found your parameters, go back to the
   DS / Game Config screen and add them to your configuration.
5. You are now ready to search for Standard Seeds in the Standard Seed Searcher.

General Usage Tip:
In any seed searcher window (Standard Seed, Wonder Card, C-Gear), double click
on a result row to bring up the seed inspector for that specific seed.


New in 1.1.0:
* ID/SID Abuse - See Trainer ID Searcher
* DS Parameter Searcher now uses the MAC address from your configuration.
* Min PID frame for shiny search in Standard Seed Searcher
* Better estimation of the number of results (now considers HP type, shininess)


Known Issues in this version:

* None of the 'Find' or 'Save' buttons in the seed inspectors work. For now,
  you'll just have to scroll through manually. 'Save' buttons in the searcher
  windows should properly save CSV files of the results.
* Copy / Paste will work on specific fields that you can type in, but at the
  moment you can't copy other things such as result rows.
* There is not much in the way of argument checking. If you set a minimum IV
  that is greater than the corresponding maximum IV, it will try very hard to
  find that impossible IV spread.
* There is some funny behavior when editing the DS / Game Config with multiple
  windows open. The selected config in other windows appears to change. It is a
  minor annoyance, but for now just set your config again in the other window
  from it's drop down menu. Down the line there will be a bit of an interface
  change to deal with this.

Upcoming Features:

* Generation 4 Support - Seed Inspection, time permitting.

Previous Releases:

1.0.5:
* Added Stationary Encounter frame type to cover encounters such as Coballion.
* Various minor GUI fixes.

1.0.4
* Bugfix for incorrect Encounter Slot calculation.
* Added Sync and ESV columns to shiny section of the Standard Seed Searcher.

1.0.3
Fixed a bug causing the Standard Seed Searcher to not display shiny PID frame
information.

1.0.2
Actual fix for OS X 10.5 issues.

1.0.1
Attempt to fix issues when running on OS X 10.5.

1.0.0
Initial Release
